First time giving blood?
Yes.
They pay cash here.
And there's no limit
to how many times you give.
They even buy it
in the jar.
Jared Nomak,
we're ready for you.
In the past 12 months,
have you gotten a tattoo,
or undergone any ear,
skin, or body piercings?
No.
Where did you get
that scar on your chin?
Childhood accident.
You say you don't have
any immediate next of kin,
- is that right?
- Not that I'm in contact with.
Nobody to call in case
of an emergency?
No one.
- No family?
- I told you, no.
Are you telling me
I can't be a donor?
It depends.
We came up
with some unusual results
on your blood test.
What?
How unusual?
Let me explain.
Your blood has
a very rare phenotype,
one we haven't
encountered before.
What? What are you
talking about?
- Who are you? No.
- Sit down, please.
What is this?
This is a good news-bad news
scenario, Jared.
Good news for us...
bad news...
...for you.
Forget what you think
you know--
vampires exist.
My name is Blade.
I was born half human,
half vampire.
They call me
"The Daywalker."
I have all their strengths,
none of their weaknesses.
Except for the thirst.
20 years ago I met a man
that changed that.
Whistler.
He taught me how to hold
the thirst at bay.
Taught me the rules.
Gave me the weapons
to hunt with.
Silver, garlic,
sunlight.
Two years ago
he was attacked.
They took him,
and turned him into
the thing I hate most.
I should have
finished him off.
Now I'm hunting him.
I will find him.
And nothing will stand
in my way.
Daywalker's here!
Stop him!
Where is he?
Hey!
No, no.
Take me to him, and I'll
consider you a loose end.
Catch you later.
Old man... look at what
they've done to you.
Let's go home.
Lock up your daughters,
boys and girls,
the dark knight returns.
- Need a toke of the smokage, B?
- Later.
Cut the lights.
You found him.
You didn't kill him.
Give me a hand.
I got a bad feeling
about this, B.
Listen to his breathing.
He's already dying. He's in pain.
Why don't you just put him
out of his misery right now?
They had him on stasis
in a halfway house.
I'm giving him an accelerated
retro-viral detox.
Like a heroin addict.
Make him go cold turkey
in one night.
Shit ain't
going to work, man.
I say you kill the motherfucker
right now.
Get out.
If there's anything left
of you in there, Whistler,
listen up.
In the morning those blinds
are going to open
whether you're cured...
or not.
Hey, man,
I didn't mean to call him--
Listen to me, Blade.
You're going to have
to finish me off.
No.
Give me
that damn gun.
Now walk away.
Stubborn son of a bitch.
How do you feel?
Like hammered shit.
How'd you find me?
I started out in Moscow.
Then Romania.
- They kept moving you around.
- How long was I gone?
- Months?
- Too long.
Years.
They tortured me
almost to death.
And then let me heal
in a vat of blood
so they could go
at it again.
Sorry sons of bitches
could have at least
fixed my goddamn leg
while they were at it.
Where's my arc welder?
What's up? Nice to meet you.
I heard a lot about you.
I'm Josh. You can call me "Scud."
Everybody does.
Tell me something, Skid--
No, man, it's "Scud,"
like "Stud."
Whatever.
- What are you doing here?
- The pimpmobile?
Just a little aftermarket
modification.
- Nitrous oxide and shit like that.
- Oh, yeah.
You gave it a more aggressive
exhaust profile ramping.
The whole package will crank
that Betty up, maybe 300 horsepower.
You'll burn the thing out
before your next oil change.
Where did you dig up
this shitbird, anyway?
What the fuck
is your problem, Poppy?
My problem is I've been
sucking blood clots for two years.
I get out to find some jerkoff
fucking with my life's work.
We jeopardized our whole
operation to save your ass!
- Our operation?
- Yeah.
Our operation? I built
this operation, you ass-wipe!
Motion sensors!
It's on three, gentlemen.
Human?
Body temperature, 50.
I'd guess suckhead.
Fried. They're using
magnesium flares.
They've got your security
system scoped out.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
I don't trust you--
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Cool outfit.
Guard lights!
We represent the ruling body
of the Vampire Nation.
They are offering you
a truce.
They want to meet
with you.
Scud.
Take off your mask.
My name is Asad.
This is Nyssa.
You have been our most
feared enemy.
But now there's something else
loose on the streets.
Something worse
than you.
What's so funny?
They tell stories about Blade
as the Bogeyman.
Frankly,
I'm disappointed.
You hear that, B?
She's disappointed.
He agreed
to come along so easily.
Come on, B, show her.
Pretty please?
Semtex.
Enough explosives
to level a city block.
You still disappointed?
The guards look human.
They're probably familiars.
You sure about this?
Well, if I'm not...
The true power
of the Vampire Nation lies here.
Father?
Blade, this is
Overlord Eli Damaskinos.
It has been said,
"Be proud of your enemy
and enjoy his success."
In that regard,
I should thank you.
- For what?
- Eliminating Deacon Frost.
You did us a favor.
Karel Kounen.
- You're human.
- Barely. I'm a lawyer.
European Health Consortium.
As you may know,
Vampirism is...
a horrible virus, carried
in the saliva of predators.
In 72 hours, it spreads through
the human bloodstream,
creating new
parasitic organs.
Like cancer.
Cancer with a purpose.
Unfortunately,
viruses evolve, too.
We've encountered
a new one.
We dubbed it
the Reaper Strain.
And like any good pathogen,
it appears to have found a carrier.
There...
Jared Nomak.
Born a vampire,
but an anomaly like you.
Unlike the rest of us,
however,
he feeds on not just humans,
but vampires as well.
- Looks like he was doing me a favor.
- You're missing the point.
Their vampire victims
don't die...
they turn.
They become carriers.
You've got to understand.
These things are like crack addicts.
They need to feed daily.
Nomak's been up for 72 hours.
By our estimates, there are already
a dozen Reapers.
There'll be hundreds
before the week is out.
Thousands within a matter of months.
Do the math.
Wait. Let me get
this right.
You want me
to hunt them... for you?
When they are finished
with us,
who do you think
they'll turn on next?
Your precious humans.
Not one of them
will be left.
We spent two years training
a small tactical unit--
The Bloodpack.
We want you to lead them.
Two years?
We've been training
to hunt you.
So, B-man,
what do you think?
Sounds like a plan.
What do you really think?
They're going to fuck us
the first chance they get.
So, we ain't
gonna do this, right?
We'll play along for now.
They'll take us in deeper
than we've ever been.
Get a chance to see
how their world really ticks.
I had enough of their world.
They're just shitting bricks
because they're no longer
top of the food chain.
Damn, man,
I'm really worried about him.
I know he's
your friend and all,
but I think you should
watch him.
Nobody goes cold turkey
from the thirst in just one night.
Looking to get
hooked up?
Maybe.
What do you have?
No problem.
Horse, Hawaiian Ice,
whatever you need.
Whatever I need.
I like that.
What if I need you?
So, so sweet.
They are ready
whenever you are, Daywalker.
Blade,
meet The Bloodpack.
Lighthammer,
Verlaine,
Priest,
Snowman,
Chupa,
and Reinhardt.
Hey, um...
me and the gang
were wondering...
What was that?
Can you blush?
Here we go.
Oh, I get it.
I see now.
You've been training for two years
to take me out.
And now, here I am.
Ooh, so exciting,
isn't it?
Okay, here's your chance.
Come on.
What are you waiting for?
Here I am.
Right here in front of you.
Adolf here gets the first shot.
Come on.
What are you looking at her for?
You need permission?
Maybe you need
a little bit of incentive.
Okay, I can help
with that.
What's the matter?
Missed that?
It's okay,
I can do it again.
Come on.
What, do you need a manual?
- Do it!
- Kill the bastard!
Now you've got an explosive device
stuck to the back of your head.
Silver nitrate. Rigged to go off
if anybody tampers with it.
I'll have
the detonator with me.
And you-- if you so much
as look at me wrong--
From now on
we work as a unit.
You'll be taking
orders from me.
Any questions?
Good.
You want to catch the hunter?
You start with the prey.
We'll target all the night places
where vampires congregate.
Blood banks, safe houses.
The bigger the better.
So... what's first?
The House of Pain.
Where's the entrance?
I don't see any signs.
No vampire glyphs.
No, because of you,
we've had to rethink our habits,
tighten our security.
Have a closer look.
Nice.
.38, .45
and 9mm caliber.
All with foil capsules
at the tip
filled with silver nitrate,
and garlic extract.
This hyper-velocity
stake gun
spits out a silver stake
at 6,000 feet per second.
Since you suckers
don't like sunlight,
we've modified the gun's
entry light with a UV filter.
Pop it open--
instant UV light.
Filter's on,
no problem.
Yo, B, check this out.
It's got an pneumatic
syringe delivery system.
The vials are filled with
an anti-coagulant called EDTA.
One punch with this, you'll blow
your target up like a balloon.
The cartridge ejects.
Automatic reload.
Nice.
- Let's go.
- You won't pass for one of us.
- Like I give a shit.
- No, he's right.
Why don't you post up
on the roof over there?
Cover our backs.
So the Bloodpack's calling
the shots now, huh?
Great.
Better curb that dog of yours
or we'll do it for you.
Keep pushing, asshole.
We're in.
You're about
to enter our world.
You will see things--
feeding.
Just remember
why you're here.
I haven't forgotten.
What exactly
are we looking for in here?
Anything that looks
suspicious.
You got to be
kidding me.
Scud, do you read me?
- Scud, you reading me?
- Reading you loud and clear.
The whole place
is a safe house.
The windows are painted black,
one access door.
- 200, 300 suckheads in here.
- That sounds cool.
Hey, W, you got me?
W?
Tell me something,
how's the weather up there?
Walkin' on sunshine,
toad boy.
Look at them.
Half of these bastards,
they're not even
pure bloods.
I tell you what, why don't we
just fucking kill everyone?
Just to make sure.
God, it would be
so easy.
He's got you.
Daywalker.
Mother's milk.
I say we got about half an hour
till sunrise, Cinderella.
Hurry up.
I spotted one,
but lost it.
Be on the lookout.
Fuck.
Whistler, they're
on the roof.
I got them on the roof
of my bus.
Shhh.
Nomak.
Daywalker.
What am I to you?
Is the enemy
of my enemy my friend...
or my enemy?
We're under attack!
There's three of them.
Probably more.
Daylight.
Silver don't do jack shit.
Don't waste the bullets!
- Motherfucker.
- You hear me, Chupa?
Say, "cheese."
Come on.
How about some daylight,
motherfucker?
Fuck!
Listen to me. If you're under attack,
use your UV lights.
Use your UV lights.
They can't take the light.
Priest?
We're not dying here.
- Come on.
- Priest is down.
Daylight's coming.
You're on your own, Blade.
You want me so bad, Blade?
Here I am.
Why kill me?
You and I,
we have the same enemy.
We want the same thing.
We need the same thing,
Blade.
What happened?
Why didn't you tell me
these things
- were immune to silver and garlic?
- I didn't know.
If you did,
would you have told me?
I think you know the truth
when you hear it.
Mm-hmm.
Then why didn't he kill you?
How long since
he's been bitten?
- About 20 minutes.
- His skin is fucking burning.
He's already starting
to change.
Will someone just
shut him the fuck up?
Hold on!
- Hold him, Chupa!
- Come on, man!
Put him
out of his fucking misery!
Don't you get it?
You can't finish him that way!
Hold him down!
Hold him down, Chupa!
Move.
Back off!
If that was
your Bloodpack Sunday punch,
- we're in trouble.
- This motherfucker left his post.
- He just disappeared.
- Where were you?
Ran into a little Reaper
action myself.
Oh, yeah?
How little?
We lost a man.
Priest.
You want me to carve
his name on your chest?
Let me show you.
Saw him moving in the alley
and followed it down.
Found it just like this.
I think they came through here.
It was trying to crawl back
in the culvert.
Caught his arm.
Been gnawing at it
like a coyote.
Little Boy Blue.
It's already dying.
I need to examine it
as quickly as possible.
Okay, look for a lever.
Let's open it.
They've made contact
with the Reapers.
- Any casualties?
- One so far.
It was not...
Nyssa, I trust?
No.
This a dangerous game
you're playing, Damaskinos.
Blade is too volatile.
You're not going to be able
to keep manipulating him.
You worry too much.
I've been informed
by our friend inside
that events are unfolding
as scripted.
You've already lost
one of your own.
How many more are you
willing to sacrifice?
Everyone.
Even your own
daughter?
Yes. Even her.
Recognize this?
The blood bank.
He's one of the guards.
So why is he dying?
What's killing him?
Time.
His metabolism
is burning too fast.
They need fresh blood
every couple of hours,
or they'll start feeding
on themselves.
Nomak's different.
He's the carrier.
It all started with him.
It'll end with him.
Open the mouth, Scud.
Open the mouth.
B, come on.
Sissy.
Only the tongue
carries the virus.
It is injected
through these barbs.
It has bifurcated
masseter muscles.
Overdeveloped, allowing
for a much stronger bite.
The jaw structure
remains the same.
But there's
no mandible bone.
Squeeze that tooth.
Neurotoxin.
Probably paralyzes
their victim
while they feed.
Garlic don't work.
Silver, that don't work.
We got to go
with the sunlight, right?
That's deadly to us, too.
So let's see what else
we can find.
These things are
as different from us
as we are from you.
Look at that.
The heart
is encased in bone.
Only the side
is vulnerable.
Good luck getting
a stake through that.
Pull a leg off a spider,
it keeps moving on its own,
essentially trying to walk
without a body attached to it.
- What are you doing?
- Hard-wired, right?
What the fuck is that?
Brain's dead.
Body's still trying
to feed.
We got six hours
before sunrise.
Be ready by then.
Hey...
What happens
at sunrise?
Blade,
I'm talking to you.
What happens
at sunrise?
- We hunt.
- In broad daylight?
You got be joking.
You better get you
some sunscreen, buttercup.
Listen, shitkicker.
You're about one cunt hair
away from hillbilly heaven.
I love it
when you talk dirty.
Sunlight's the only
edge we've got.
- They'll be more vulnerable then.
- And so will we.
Let's be real
about one thing--
I don't expect everybody
to make it back tomorrow.
Remember to protect
yourselves...
at all times.
What are you looking for?
Phosphor rods.
If I can suss out the light source
maybe I can make some sort of
UV flash-bang grenade
or something.
It's been tried already.
Yeah, but you didn't have
the Scudster working on it then.
- Blade.
- Hmm?
- The way you talk to them-- us.
- What is it?
We are together
in this, remember?
Why do you hate us
so much?
It's fate.
- It's in my blood.
- It's in mine, too.
I'm a pure blood.
I was born a vampire.
You know the thirst
better than any of us,
shooting that serum
of yours.
The only difference
between us,
is that I made peace with
what I am a long time ago.
How long have
you known Blade, anyway?
Going on 20 years.
He doesn't talk about
the old days that much.
Blade doesn't talk
about anything much.
You want to hear
something funny?
Blade kind of looks at you
like a father figure.
Tell me something.
How'd you two hook up?
I was backpacking.
I met these two chicks,
decided to take them back
to my tent for a little
"Three's Company" action.
- Pretty.
- Next thing I know, Janet and Chrissy
start tearing chunks
out of my stomach.
Blade shows up,
saves my ass.
Everything else just sort of
fell into place.
- Let's try it.
- All right.
Maybe I fucked up.
Maybe you were right.
All right.
Papa's got
a brand new bag.
Let me ask one question.
How are we going to find
these Reapers?
We won't have to.
They'll come to us.
- What is this shit?
- Pheromones.
Harvested from the Reapers'
adrenal glands.
They're going to key to it.
They want us to spray on
some suckpuppy's nut juice?
First use your firearms
to drive them back.
- Then toss your UV grenades.
- Right on.
This is what we got
for the grand finale.
I hot-wired a couple
of these babies
into a nitro-vacuum.
Just be real careful
where you pop your load.
And you,
you're not coming?
No. I'm a lover,
not a fighter.
UV's have
a 10-second delay.
Nyssa...
just remember
to take cover.
Hey, Blade, give me a hand.
You and Miss Muffet
getting a little cozy?
I wouldn't worry
about that if I were you.
Looks to me like you're
getting confused
as to which side of the line
you're standing on.
Those are real hollow words
coming from a man
who just spent two years
running with the enemy.
And what the hell
is that supposed to mean?
You know, Whistler,
there's an old saying--
"Keep your friends close,
but keep your enemies closer."
You might want
to remember that.
Blade, we should split
into three units.
We're trying
to attract them,
not scare them off.
Yeah, well, some of us
can't see in the dark,
you fucking nipplehead.
What am I supposed to do?
Bifocals, grandpa.
And try to keep up.
Let's do this.
- Hey, hillbilly.
- What the fuck you doing?
Ain't nobody here
but you...
and us, buttercup.
We lose a partner,
and Blade loses one!
I'll leave you two lovebirds
some time to yourselves.
Ah!
I spotted a group
in the east tunnel.
I'm prepping
the bomb pack.
Nyssa.
Get out!
Right now!
No!
I'll attract them to me.
Do what I tell you.
Move!
10...
nine...
eight...
seven...
six...
five...
four...
three...
two...
one.
Piece of junk.
What the hell is this?
You trying to stink me
to death, old man?
Wait.
- You okay?
- Yeah.
We got to move.
We got a lot
of company.
All units, regroup.
Regroup!
Eat shit,
you ugly motherfuckers!
There's nobody left!
- Where's the bomb pack?
- Down that tunnel.
Give me the rest
of the pheromones.
Go down that tunnel!
Go, go, go, go!
You obviously...
do not know...
whom you are fucking with!
By the way, Blade.
Did I happen to mention
the bomb lever is stuck?
Suck this!
Let's go!
You want a bite of me?
Well, come on!
Come on, motherfucker!
Whistler.
Wait.
You will survive this
only to tell Blade...
about this ring.
About the truth.
The truth, old man.
Damaskinos...
Nyssa.
You've done
a great job.
Not that great--
I'd say.
What is it,
my daughter?
They took them.
All our weapons.
Even your sword.
Somebody's been keeping tabs
on us from inside.
- Where are we?
- Some kind of chamber
deep in their lair.
They smashed up
everything--
the workshop,
all of it.
They've been lying
to us from day one.
The reaper strain
didn't evolve...
it was designed.
What?
Designed.
Nomak told me.
I saw him back
in the sewer.
- He let me live.
- Did he?
How generous of him.
I brought you here to see
the fruits of our labor.
For years I've struggled
to rid our kind of
any hereditary weaknesses.
And so, recombining DNA...
was simply the next
logical step.
Nomak was the first.
A failure.
But in time,
there will be a new
pure race,
begotten from my own flesh,
immune to silver,
soon even sunlight.
I got a question for you,
you lying son of a bitch.
You want to explain how Nomak
got ahold of this ring?
I would have thought
that was obvious at this point.
I gave it to him,
of course.
A gift from father
to son.
I thought
he'd never leave.
The wolf has lain
with the sheep long enough.
Reinhardt,
you can kiss
your ass goodbye.
I'm sorry, man.
B, you're wasting
your time, man.
The bomb's a dud.
It was never supposed
to explode.
It was just supposed
to make you feel in control.
You thought you had me
on a short leash,
didn't you, jefe?
Much better.
See this?
I'm one of Damaskinos'
familiars.
They needed my help
to bring you here to control Nomak.
The old fuck,
he was always just bait.
I mean, look at him.
He's your only
real weakness, man.
You may be fast,
you may be strong,
and all that other
bullshit,
but in the end, B...
you're just too human!
Well, you little shit.
You think they scoped out
my security system?
I let them in, asshole!
I practically
handed them the keys.
You heard cue ball, right?
Pretty soon they're all going
to be daywalkers.
When that happens,
I'd rather be a pet
than cattle.
You got me, B?
- What do you think about that?
- Two things--
one...
I've been onto you
since they turned you.
And two...
it's not a dud.
Ah, great.
I was just starting
to like him.
Take him down!
We're going to harvest
your blood,
every drop of it.
Then bone marrow,
organs, everything.
We'll find
the missing key
to creating daywalkers.
Now this
might hurt a bit.
Nice.
I wonder...
how many vampires
he's killed with this thing.
Not nearly enough, Fritz.
Keep talking, honky-tonk.
Just makes my sending you
to the next world
- all the sweeter.
- Been there, done that.
Do your worst,
chickenshit.
We'll settle up after.
What else
should I find out?
I trusted you--
with my men;
with my will;
with my life.
You sent us out there.
You sent me to die.
Our enemy saved
my life twice,
and you have used us--
your own children.
Make no mistake, Nyssa,
those blood ties
mean nothing to me
when measured against
the ascendancy of our race.
Who do you think
God really favors in the web?
The spider, or the fly?
Nomak.
What about him?
He wants revenge...
on the people...
who created him.
You may be right.
But fortunately
for us,
he doesn't know
this location.
Now... he does.
What the fuck?
Come on, kid.
Don't you even think
about dying on me.
You didn't give up on me,
I won't give up on you.
Come on-- Blade.
Blood...
Yeah.
Blood.
Father!
He'll never enter here.
Go on, kid.
Go!
Get him!
Get in there!
Hmm. Well...
like my daddy said
before he killed my mom,
"You want anything
done right,
you got to do it
yourself."
He also said--
Can you blush?
Hey, kid.
I reset
the security code.
- We're locked in.
- Are you insane?
- He'll kill us both.
- Yes.
Isn't it sad that you die not
by the hand of your enemy,
but by that of your own
children?
Father.
Nyssa.
Nomak!
Blade,
it could end right here.
What do you think, huh?
After all,
it looks like I've finished
my father's job.
It's strange.
It hurts...
it hurts no more.
It won't be long.
I can already feel it
burning inside of me.
I want to die
while I'm still a vampire.
I want to see the sun.
By booth number three.
Enjoy, man.
Are you sure
that the girls are live?
Last time I checked.
Thank you.
A couple of razor blades,
just in case...
You didn't think I forgot
about you, did you?